Previously on The Chi...
I'm finally ready
to propose to Kiesha again.
Well. it's about time!
Do you believe in women
proposing to men?
If a woman wants
to propose to her man.
then that's her business.
So you wouldn't judge me if
I wanted to propose to Emmett?
Oh. my gosh. Kiesha!
It's beautiful.
It was my mother's.
Kiesha...
Emmett...
...will you marry me?
-Hell yeah.
-Yes.
Where Tiff at?
I don't know.
Can I play you something?
Of course.
Nuck killed Rob.
I watched him do it.
He'd kill me too
if I wasn't his blood.
But that don't make me safe.
Who did?
Knowing him.
he'll just get
someone else to do it.
How'd you get that?
I gotta tell Kiesha.
No. I gotta tell Tiff first.
She need to know
who she living with.
She gonna lose it.
You think she gonna kill him?
This the Chi.
Anything's possible.
Sometimes it be your own bitch
that take you out.
Mm. Not mine.
You say that now.
♪ solemn music
What the fuck is going on?
This is for Rob.
You good?
Just keep working.
So what's our story?
Me and Nuck get into a fight.
He left.
He never came home.
Bet.
If people find out.
they're gonna kill me.
Over my dead body.
You volunteering
to be my bodyguard?
I am.
Thanks.
Who's that?
-It's Kiesha.
-Pick it up.
-I don't want to.
-No. you should.
Just talk natural.
Hey. Kiesha.
Guess what.
What?
Me and Emmett got engaged!
Congrats.
So you... so you proposed?
We proposed to each other.
If you like it. I love it.
I'm really happy.
I'm glad.
I wonder how
Nuck's gonna take it.
Is he there?
No.
We got into a fight last night
and he left.
He does that.
I'm sure he'll be back soon.
We'll see.
I don't care if you tell him.
No. I think he should
hear it from you.
You right.
Love you. girl.
Love you too.
Yeah. Yeah.
Ah.
Yeah. Oh. yeah. Here we go.
Oh.
Here's to the newly
engaged couple.
Oh. we are so happy for y'all.
Thanks for keeping our secret.
Well. let the record show
that I'm able to hold water.
Oh. I don't know. Pop.
You almost fucked up
when we were talking.
Ah. I was just trying
to make sure y'all got it done.
Your mother would be so proud.
I hope so.
I know she is.
Yeah.
-Cheers.
Ooh!
♪ Moving on. yeah ♪
So I want you to let me know
what you think.
The cellist will be right here.
The bar will be over there.
And. ooh. wait.
I gotta show you these glasses
I just bought.
This is gonna be so nice.
Thank you so much for hosting.
Of course. I'm happy to.
I still haven't heard from Nuck.
Neither have I.
I called him three times
and left a bunch of messages.
Nothing.
It's not like him.
He hasn't been himself
the past few days.
What you mean?
He was mad at me
for not saying "I love you."
and then he felt like
Bakari turned on him.
But is that enough to go away
and never come back?
Could be.
What about Ronnie?
I don't know.
What do you mean.
you don't know?
He loves that boy.
You're right.
I'm sorry.
It's not your fault
he's ghosting us.
Right.
I appreciate the loan.
You and I both know I ain't
getting that money back.
I'm gonna try to pay you back.
At least you honest.
Is this blood money?
What you mean?
I heard you took somebody out
for him.
A job is a job.
Who was the job?
I can't tell you that.
You can trust me.
♪ All over these streets ♪
♪ And I'm talking
about your chalk sketch ♪
♪ My goals gon' stay here ♪
♪ What don't kill me
make me stronger ♪
Roselyn needed us
to take out some chick
who went back on her word.
Who?
None of your business.
Was it that lady from the news?
♪ Missing that. fight to stay ♪
♪ Real fam riding.
stays with you ♪
♪ The rest fit for the wings ♪
♪ Heavy is the crown ♪
♪ Yeah. heavy is the crown ♪
♪ Crown. crown. crown ♪
I told you.
I don't know where he is.
I don't believe you.
I don't care.
I think you killed him.
Why would she do that?
You tell me.
Nuck had a lot of enemies.
Were you one of 'em?
I was his woman.
What you mean. "was"?
We were in a fight when he left.
-Fight about what?
-None of your business.
It is my business.
Get the fuck out.
Watch how you talk to me.
What you gonna do if I don't?
Come on.
Next time. call first.
Won't be a next time.
You let me know
if Nuck turns up.
So let's start
with your guest list.
Have you put one together yet?
Not really.
We talked about it. though.
OK. great.
How many guests were
you thinking about?
At least 100.
What? When did we say that?
I mean. we didn't.
but I'm just guessing.
Definitely less than that.
Fifty people. max.
Well. that's my daddy.
his kids. and they kids alone.
Uh. you don't have
to decide that right now.
That'll change.
It'll go back and forth
until the day of the wedding.
I see.
So let's just say a ballpark
of 50 to 100 people for now?
Yeah. Thank you.
Definitely closer to 50. though.
Maybe even less.
Damn. Kiesha. It's our wedding.
We've been waiting years
for this.
Why you trying to play it small?
Because the more people.
the more expensive
it's gonna be.
She does have a point.
Food and beverage.
those are the biggest expenses
at a wedding.
The more guests you have.
the more that's gonna
drive up the cost.
Exactly.
All right. well. let's just
weigh out all our options.
you know. before we start
saying no to shit.
So are we gonna have an open
bar or signature cocktails?
-Open bar.
-Signature cocktails.
I just feel like our folks
would want an open bar.
I don't care.
Uh. babe. it's our
wedding they coming to.
We should be treating
our guests.
Yeah. that doesn't mean
endless food and drinks
-for 100 people.
-Smokey's can cater.
Smokey's is not
catering my wedding.
-Why not?
-We eat Smokey's every day.
So?
Weddings come with
a lot of decisions.
It's all about finding
the right compromise.
Why don't you two sit and talk
and discuss how
you both see that day?
And I'm sure we'll find
a happy medium.
OK.
Yeah. we can do that.
You knew Nuck killed Rob
this whole time?
Yeah.
OK.
Why you ain't say nothing?
I didn't want him to kill me.
I killed him!
Oh. my God.
You did?
Yeah.
Fuck.
Now you work for me.
Why?
'Cause you owe me.
OK.
I want you to move
into Nuck's apartment.
If anybody come by
looking for him.
just say he left and you don't
know when he'll be back.
OK.
And don't tell nobody
about this conversation.
Especially Lynae.
I don't want to go
to no stupid engagement party.
It's not stupid.
and you're going.
Why can't I stay home by myself?
You're not gonna stay home
and practice self-love all day.
But I've been good.
I don't care.
Can I at least
invite my friends?
Which ones?
Mondo and Tevin.
All right.
Just don't start no shit.
I won't.
Fine. Now come on.
Get off them stairs.
Wait.
How am I supposed to invite 'em?
I don't have a phone.
I'll have Kiesha call
their parents.
I still can't believe
I let this happen.
It's not your fault.
Then why do I feel responsible?
Nora was
willing to take money
in exchange for your life.
She didn't have a choice.
We always have a choice.
Maybe she did the right thing.
and it got her killed.
You don't think I feel guilty?
I just need to find out
who did this.
That won't bring her back.
Yeah. but it'll help me
sleep better at night.
We can't build a future
if you're constantly
worrying about the past.
I just want to know
who's responsible.
And if you find out.
what are you gonna do about it?
I don't know.
That's what scares me.
I'm not gonna do
anything stupid.
Then why insert yourself?
I'm not in the mood
for an engagement party.
You can go without me.
Oh. so now you mad?
I'm just confused.
♪ Sun don't shine
if you're a runaway ♪
How you been?
A little lost.
Same.
Then we should get out of here.
Have you figured out
where you want to go yet?
Atlanta.
Atlanta ain't gonna save us.
It's better than
wasting away here.
I'm not wasting away.
You say that now.
I don't know if
there's anything better.
What happened to your book?
Nobody bought it.
And you working for Reg now?
We already talked about this.
That job could get you killed.
A lot of things
could get me killed.
Jackie took somebody out
for him.
That's why he paid her.
But this woman was innocent.
What you talking about?
It was a hit.
I heard Shaad's old lady
got popped like that.
Just be careful.
You good?
Yeah. Why?
I don't know.
You just seem a little off.
I'm fine.
Been spending a lot of time
with Tiff lately.
Yeah. I'm her new security.
Don't let her out of your sight.
She won't end up like Alicia.
I hope not.
How you and your woman doing?
She ain't coming
to the party no more.
-What? Why not?
-Yeah.
She's mad 'cause I want
to find out who killed Nora.
You sure you want to know.
though?
I cared about that woman. man.
You barely knew her.
Hey. she was a sweet person.
And if we hadn't
gotten locked up...
But we did get locked up.
Maybe she and I could
have been something.
You cannot worry about
things you can't control.
It's not that easy
for me to get over her.
I get that. but you did
promise me and Jake
that you wouldn't
get in trouble.
that you'd get
your shit together
and that you wouldn't
go back to prison.
I know. but I just feel like
I gotta do something.
Ignore that feeling.
Nora's your past.
Patience is your future.
Oh. just in time.
Ah.
Oh. don't be shy. though.
More where that came from.
-Don't mind if I do.
-There it is.
Damn. Slow down.
Mm.
Hey. hey.
Nigga. what you doing here?
Your daddy invited me.
Pop!
Don't be inviting niggas I fired
to my engagement party.
So Damien didn't get
the invite either then. huh?
And don't talk shit
about my brother.
He the one that stole from you.
And you told him to do it.
That was my bad.
Look. congratulations
on the engagement.
I'm really happy
for you and Kiesha.
Thanks.
Who's this?
This is my girlfriend. Jordan.
You brought a plus-one?
It's nice to meet you.
You have a lovely home.
-This is my ex-wife house.
-Oh.
You still in the streets?
Changing my ways.
Good.
Oh. don't worry.
These ain't the special wings.
I was hoping they were.
I need something
to take the edge off.
Nigga. you ain't the one
getting married.
I want to live in a house
like this one day.
She only live here 'cause
her baby daddy mom got killed.
I don't care how she got it.
She a rich bitch now.
That's all you bitches
care about.
Call me a bitch again.
and we gonna fight.
Hold on.
We done came a long way
from me hiding her
under the bed. y'all.
Can we please
let that story die?
Oh. no.
That shit ain't gonna never die.
'cause it just means
that y'all been
10 toes down from the beginning.
Yeah.
Drop the bass!
Oh. we getting more drinks.
We getting more drinks.
♪ The Gap Band's "Outstanding" ♪
♪ Girl. you're lookin'
sweeter now ♪
Congratulations. brother.
I'm proud of y'all.
-Thanks. man.
-Mm.
Mm-hmm.
Hey. what happened when
you told Tiff about Nuck?
They got in a fight.
and he left.
That's it?
Mm-hmm. as far as I know.
You see him leave?
I heard him leave.
But you ain't hear
no gunshots or nothing?
No. just the door
slamming behind him.
Shh...
Yeah. but where he at?
I don't know.
You telling me the truth?
Look. let's just focus on
you and Kiesha right now.
Yeah. you right.
Whoa.
This place big as hell.
I heard a bitch
got murdered in here.
I wonder if it's haunted.
I don't believe in ghosts.
I do.
Aw. shit!
What?
Jackpot.
Oh. oh.
Nah.
Come on. bro!
What if we get caught?
Stop acting like a bitch.
Damn. that shit...
that shit's strong!
♪ Get excited ♪
Fatima. I'm so glad
you could make it.
Oh. I would not miss it
for the world.
-Oh.
-Congratulations.
Thank you.
We'll catch up later.
The whole gang's here.
What were you talking
to Emmett about?
He was asking about Nuck.
And what'd you say?
I told him what we agreed on.
So he don't know nothing?
He knows about the voice memo.
Shit.
Is he gonna tell Kiesha?
I told him not to.
He tells her everything.
He's not gonna tell her this.
Trust me.
Can I trust you?
Yes.
Mm.
Where's your lady?
Oh. she decided
to sit this one out.
Y'all good?
I don't know.
Well. what's going on?
She thinks I'm too
focused on my past.
Well. are you?
Mm. there's still some things
I'm trying to get over.
Yeah? Like what?
Like why I can't ever seem
to get relationships right.
It's not about getting it right.
It's... it's supposed
to open you up.
What you mean?
Relationships are hard work.
but they force you to grow.
Growing is hard.
I feel you.
Yeah.
I mean. you can always
just be by yourself.
keep on doing what you're doing.
I don't know if I want that.
Then focus on your future.
♪ And I really want
to let this go ♪
So y'all trying
to get married one day?
You asking me?
I'm asking everybody.
I want to get married.
-To me?
-You proposing?
No. You gotta propose to me.
Women can propose to men.
Not this woman.
If you're waiting
for me to do it.
you're gonna be waiting forever.
I only want to get married
if I can get
the wedding sponsored.
You just want to get married
so you can post about it.
That's not the only reason.
Well. if I get married.
I want to elope.
You ain't gonna do it
in a church?
Not everything has to be
done in a church.
Weddings look expensive.
You don't have to spend
a lot of money.
Yes. you do.
I'd rather invest
in the marriage. not the day.
I can agree with that.
Who would you want
to walk you down the aisle?
My mom. I guess.
I don't even know if my mom
would come to my wedding.
Yeah.
I don't fuck with my family.
Weddings seem... stressful.
Hence the elopement.
Stop making up words.
-That is a real word.
-Pick up a book.
Put down the weed.
I ain't even smoke today.
But you gonna do it
when you get home.
Probably.
♪ Like this. like this.
like this. like this ♪
♪ Like this. shine on ♪
♪ Shine on ♪
You men need to prove your love
and get down on one knee.
Mm. Amen to that.
Kiesha proposed to Emmett.
They proposed to each other.
-Oh. my God.
-Oh. that's crazy.
Look. please.
Don't you ever do
no shit like that to me.
I think it's sweet.
All the real fun starts
when you're married.
I hope that's true.
Appreciate it. Ooh!
Oh. thank you.
-Ooh.
-Hey.
How you feeling?
Man. blessed. highly favored.
Proud of you. bro.
Thank you.
Hey. you think Tiff and Vic
finally got together?
I don't know.
Feels like they did.
Well. it ain't my business.
Where Nuck at?
I don't know.
Me neither.
I'm trying not
to stress about it.
But why would you
stress about it?
I don't know.
Just focus on you and Kiesha.
Yeah. I am.
Mm.
♪ I'll pay the ransom ♪
♪ Ain't just a lil' somethin' ♪
♪ Oh. my sweet baby.
you're so worth it ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ I'll pay the ransom ♪
♪ And I'll do the most. babe
♪ Go through hoops and loops
to show I'm sorry ♪
♪ I learned my lesson.
please believe me now ♪
Since when you start
working for Tiff?
You work for Tiff too.
Yeah. at the cigar lounge.
What she got you doing?
Why I gotta tell you?
I guess you don't.
Maybe if you was my woman.
I would.
Well. I'm not.
And I'm also not
your roommate no more.
What that mean?
I got my own spot.
Where?
Wouldn't you like to know?
♪ Get you back. then love you
right and then some ♪
But you have to clean up.
All right. Go ahead.
I'm worried about Nuck.
Why?
Because I haven't heard
from him in a week.
Niggas disappear sometimes.
Not like this.
Don't stress.
Why you not stressed?
'Cause he's gone silent
on me before.
For how long?
I don't know. days.
How many?
I don't remember.
He's gone silent
on me before too.
but never on Ronnie.
♪ I believe it will come true ♪
♪ With you
What's up?
Hey.
What's wrong with you?
Nothing.
You lying.
How are you?
I've been better.
Sorry about your girl.
My ex-girl.
Just wish I knew
who took her out.
You should talk to my sister.
Does she have something
to do with it?
No. but she might know who did.
Oh. boy. OK. here we go.
Let me just say
a few things before. uh...
before these drinks
start talking for me.
Son. shoot. I done seen you
through a lot of storms...
but you've emerged
through each one of 'em
time and time again.
And now you have
somebody that can
be able to stand with you
through the rest
of life's storms.
And. son. there ain't
no greater gift than that.
Kiesha.
Oh. Kiesha.
thank you for all the joy
that you've brought
into Emmett's life...
hell. to the lives
of everyone in this room.
I love you both dearly.
Now. marriage ain't easy.
but it's worth it when you're
doing it with the right person.
All right?
You just gotta be honest
with each other.
loyal to each other.
And whenever you feel lost.
just turn to your village.
We'll help you find
your way back home.
Hey. y'all.
To my son
and future daughter-in-law.
-Cheers.
-Cheers!
♪ Afroman's
"Because I Got High" ♪
♪ La. da. da. da-da-da ♪
♪ La. da. da ♪
♪ La. da-da-da.
la. da-da-da. la-da-da-da ♪
♪ I was gonna go to class
before I got high ♪
♪ Come on. y'all.
check it out. uh ♪
♪ I could've cheated
and I could've passed ♪
♪ But I got high. uh ♪
♪ La. da. da. da-da-da ♪
♪ I'm taking it next semester.
and I know why ♪
♪ Why. man
♪ Yeah. 'cause I got high ♪
♪ Because I got high ♪
♪ La. da. da. da. da. da ♪
Are y'all high?
They smoked my good shit too.
Y'all need to apologize now.
My bad.
My sincerest apologies.
I don't feel good.
Can I go home now?
All y'all need
to get out my house.
I didn't want to come no way.
You won't be going nowhere
if they take you to juvie.
Y'all can't play around
with this kind of stuff.
Do you hear me?
-Yes.
-Yeah.
Yes who?
Yes. Mr. Washington.
Go to the car.
Riley and Granddad
gonna take y'all home.
♪ Gavin Maestro's "Megan" ♪
♪ Got my niggas over here
stressin'. yeah. yeah ♪
♪ And I can't blame 'em ♪
♪ How you looking
in them leggings. oh. yeah ♪
♪ They way you walk around
it feel like it's a present ♪
♪ 'Cause you a Megan ♪
♪ Girl. you got my niggas
over here stressin' ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah.
and I can't blame 'em ♪
♪ How you looking
in them leggings. oh. yeah ♪
♪ They way you walk around
it feel like it's a present ♪
Just say hi.
I can't.
Why not?
I think he's with Tiff.
You don't know that.
He's hiding something.
I know him too well.
You should ask.
You know. if he is.
it ain't none of my business.
It's not. but you could
at least say hi.
Why do I have to approach him?
You don't have to
if you don't want to.
I don't.
OK. but you gonna be
leaving here wishing you did.
I'll be all right.
You say that now.
Look. I'm not trying
to rekindle shit.
I feel you.
♪ Over here stressin' ♪
♪ And I can't blame 'em ♪
♪ How you looking
in them leggings. oh. yeah ♪
♪ They way you walk around ♪
What do you think happened?
I don't know.
Well. what did he say
he was gonna do?
He said he was gonna
talk to Tiff.
Do you think
they confronted him?
I hope so.
Nuck's been MIA for a minute.
I know.
You think Victor
did something to him?
I wonder if Tiff did.
Does Bakari know anything?
If he does. he won't tell me.
He's pissed we broke up.
Damn.
What should I do?
Just lay low and hope
he never comes back.
Hey.
How are things?
You tell me.
What's that supposed to mean?
You seem real cozy with Tiff.
You're reading into things.
Am I?
It's not like that.
I'm just a bodyguard.
Victor. you were a councilman.
Now you're some bitch's
bodyguard?
Don't call her a bitch.
You do realize I know you.
Not like you used to.
Whose fault is that?
♪ Complication ♪
♪ I look towards you ♪
♪ 'Cause you're my vice ♪
So Bakari told me you might
have some information I need.
About what?
The woman I was close to.
What woman?
The one that got killed.
I don't know nothing about that.
You lying.
I ain't no snitch.
I ain't trying to get you
in no trouble.
I just don't want Bakari
working for Reg.
Neither do I.
-So what happened?
-I don't know.
That ain't good enough.
It's gonna have to be.
Look. I told you I ain't trying
to get you in no trouble.
I'm just trying to find out
who did this.
Why?
'Cause I cared about her.
You should talk to Reg.
♪ Loving you
is like loving a daisy ♪
♪ Sometimes he loves me not ♪
♪ Sometimes he loves me ♪
Tonight was amazing.
Except for when
Devante and his friends
smoked up Tiff's weed
and ate all the food.
I don't know what
I'm gonna do with those boys.
Gotta watch them like a hawk.
Yeah.
Otherwise. they get into shit.
How you feeling
about the wedding?
I'm excited.
It's gonna be crazy.
I don't want it to be too crazy.
Babe. it's gonna be
my last wedding.
I want it to be big.
It's gonna be
my first and only wedding.
I want it to be simple.
I want our village to be there.
I want it to just be about us.
You got a point.
I know.
We can keep it medium-sized.
I love you.
I love you too.
Mm.
Look at us.
already working on our
conflict resolution skills.
♪ Waiting for the spring ♪
♪ Rainfall might be
all we can bring ♪
♪ One missed call ♪
♪ And you're gone
with the wind ♪
♪ Like a daisy ♪
Just tell me the truth.
Did you kill her?
I did what I was told.
Who told you to do it?
I can't tell you that.
Relax!
I didn't kill her.
Then who did?
If I tell you.
I need something in return.
What?
Help me make things right
with my brothers.
I can't make your brothers
fuck with you.
But you can talk to 'em.
Why you trying to get back
in they lives?
'Cause I ain't got nobody.
What about your girl?
She ain't blood.
I could try and talk to 'em.
That's all I'm asking.
Fine.
Now tell me who killed her.
Roselyn made the call.
♪ Daniel Caesar's "Let Me Go" ♪
♪ I'm tryna breathe ♪
I was looking for you.
♪ Why won't you let me ♪
How you feel about the wedding?
Better.
Where y'all gonna do it?
We can't decide.
Well. if y'all want.
y'all can get married here.
You just hosted
an engagement party for us.
And it went great.
We're trying
to keep it intimate.
Why?
We can't be spending
a bunch of money on a wedding.
I don't mind paying for it.
You've done enough.
Alicia left me a lot of money.
I can help.
I don't want to dip
into your savings.
I'm good. Trust me.
Are you sure?
Yeah. I owe you.
♪ Ooh. ooh. ooh ♪
What you mean?
I just mean I love you.
and I want the day
to be perfect.
I love you.
♪ I'm not afraid ♪
♪ Of finding direction ♪
♪ Stuck in your way ♪
♪ Run out of patience ♪
You think Nuck will be back
in time for the wedding?
♪ Tell me that
you won't be fine ♪
We'll see.
♪ I'm not leadin' you on.
I'm leavin' you behind ♪
♪ Ain't no sleep tonight ♪
♪ My dreams exhaust me ♪
♪ I'll be awake till the light ♪
♪ It's 'bout that time that I ♪
♪ Break away before
♪ Time expires ♪
♪ Baby. won't you let me go ♪
♪ Oh. oh. oh ♪
♪ Let go. let go. let go ♪
♪ Baby. won't you let me go ♪
♪ Oh. oh. oh ♪
♪ Let go. let go. let go ♪
♪ Ooh. ooh ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ Let go. let go. let go ♪
♪ Ooh. ooh ♪